
STORY:

scenes are separated by choice. each scene might have more than 1 choice but they will always only have 1 meaningful choice that triggers another scene

scene OPENING:
You awake in a white room. A normal looking man in front of you holds a clipboard, and he asks:
"How are you feeling?"
You respond with:
1: "I'm...fine."
2: "Who are you and where am I?"
	1: "Good. That's good. We should get started. *Trigger scene DOORS
	2: "Let's jump right in." *Trigger scene DOORS
scene DOORS:
He takes out a piece of glossy paper out of his pocket and hands it to you. On it, there are two pictures, side by side. One is a Cactus in a pot,
and the other is a clock with legs.
"Which one feels more meaningful to you?" He asks.
1: Cactus
2: Clock
	1 or 2: He leads you to a door, letting you go in first. You thank him, and he closes the door behind you, leaving you alone in the hallway.

CACTUS:
scene townSquare:
Upon walking through the hallway, you come out of an alley into what seems like the center of a small village. The people hustle and bustle around you,
paying you no mind. Where do you go first?
	1: The Bakery
	2: The Fortune Teller
scene bakery:


		

CLOCK:
scene city:
After walking the hallway, you come to a dead end. As you try feeling the walls around you, a *ding* sounds behind you and you begin to have
a funny feeling in your stomach. You were in an elevator. And going down.
When the elevator doors open and you get out, you are greeted by buildings so high that you can't see where they end. There are roads connecting these buildings,
but there seem to be no one who is using them. No cars, no horses, nothing.
What do you do?
	1: Walk until you find someone
	2: Break into the house near you

scene walk:
While walking, you feel eyes on you. You then hear distant music, so you follow it.
You come to a dirt road, and at the end of it is a tower.
You go into the tower.

scene breakIn:
You smash the window of someone's house. When you get in, someone greets you.
It's a peculiar man, who looks to have a head too big for his body.
He asks: "It's alright," he smiles. "Everyone is nervous when they first get here--Don't blame ya. We tend to stay in when we know
someone's arriving. You know, just to ease them into it."
Something about him doesn't seem right.
You look at him one more time as your eyes begin to feel heavy.
"You'll get it right next time."
The next thing you feel is the cold, hard ground.
*trigger scene OPENING

scene tower:


FORTUNE TELLER:
scene fortuneTeller:
As you walk up to the fortune teller's stall, she smiles at you.
Despite her rugged appearance, her voice is soft and melodic.
"What are you looking for?" She asks.
You respond with a shrug, "Whatever fortune telling you can give me."
"For free, I can let you roll a die and tell you what it means for your future here."
The end of that sentence isn't lost on you--she had emphasized the word *here*. But you brush it off. "I'll take it," you reply.
She gives you the die.
Button: ROLL
random number between 1-6
	1:






